Bryan Jones is spitting then for a
hockey stick that's for check how you
guys doing I'm Kyle now we're here to
help some consumers get some hot new
equipment for back to hockey shop with
the pros hoping to surprise a few people
and get them all set up and ready to go
it's gonna be fun these players right
really good they need help with anything
but looking for a new helmet I wear
these to these dance
tennis racket yes you sure you don't
want to come buy some hockey equipment
what do we like what kind of casein we
want its new hockey pants
yeah all the way back almost exactly
going somewhere
isn't that cool you don't want to go
either this size here maybe this one at
the mat like this here a house you are a
size three how about this line here I'm
trying to appear really smart guys and
I'm just trying to get that look like
the lingo down if I want to go with
right hands right deck of occupiers here
finally a lefty first lefty I've had
today
there you go how's my form because he
gets shot with the pros they're gonna
have $100 gift card for you
good pick I know what when I pick it are
those two like we just sold the stick
boys that's it
quite a selection yeah that's kind of
couple innit Sport Chek guys are nice
natural
you